splash DoomWater
{
   smallclass      WaterSplashBase
   smallclip      12
   smallsound      world/drip

   baseclass      WaterSplashBase
   chunkclass      WaterSplash
   chunkxvelshift   8
   chunkyvelshift   8
   chunkzvelshift   8
   chunkbasezvel   2
   sound         world/watersplash
   noalert
}
splash Blood
{
    smallclass		SludgeChunk
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop

	baseclass		SludgeSplash
	chunkclass		SludgeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}

splash Slime
{
    smallclass		SlimeChunk
	smallclip		12
	smallsound		world/sludgegloop

	baseclass		SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	noalert
}


terrain DoomWater
{
	splash			DoomWater
	footclip		16
	liquid
}
terrain Blood
{
	splash			Blood
	footclip		10
	liquid
}
terrain Nukage
{
	splash			Slime
	footclip		10
	liquid
}

floor fwater1 Doomwater
floor fwater2 Doomwater
floor fwater3 Doomwater
floor fwater4 Doomwater
floor BLOOD1 Blood
floor BLOOD2 Blood
floor BLOOD3 Blood
floor FALL11 DOOMWATER
floor FALL12 DOOMWATER
floor FALL13 DOOMWATER
floor NUKAGE1 Nukage
floor NUKAGE2 Nukage
floor NUKAGE3 Nukage
floor NUKAGE4 Nukage
floor SLIME01 Doomwater
floor SLIME02 Doomwater
floor SLIME03 Doomwater
floor SLIME04 Doomwater
floor SLIME05 Doomwater
floor SLIME06 Doomwater
floor SLIME07 Doomwater
floor SLIME08 Doomwater
floor WHIRL1 Doomwater
floor WHIRL2 Doomwater
floor WHIRL3 Doomwater
floor WHIRL4 Doomwater
floor WHIRL5 Doomwater
floor WHIRL6 Doomwater
floor WHIRL7 Doomwater
floor WHIRL8 Doomwater
floor LAVA1 Blood
floor LAVA2 Blood
floor LAVA3 Blood
floor LAVA4 Blood
floor LAVA5 Blood
floor LAVA6 Blood
floor LAVA7 Blood
floor LAVA8 Blood